If you are around a million dollars per
year and trying to get to 10 million,
you can pretty much follow this system
to a te. It's going to work with any
type of business that deals with leads,
whether that's B2B or B TOC, whether
that's a service or a software or
anything in between.
72% of businesses are dealing with
leads. So, chances are, unless you're
selling a product, this is going to work
for you. The first part and the first
step in the plan is to fix your habits.
And there's five main habits that
really, really matter. For most people,
you need to do this because you have to
do a lot of work to set up your funnel,
to set up your systems, to hire your
team, and so on. And you can only do
that if you have the habits to support
it. If you want to get to 10 million per
year, you have to be a $10 million per
year person. and entrepreneur. So, the
first habit is time blocking. I always
want to be waking up at 6:00 a.m. or
earlier and blocking off the calendar
until 12:00 p.m. A lot of people are
extremely resistant to this idea. They
say, "Oh my god, there's too many fires.
Oh my god, that bad stuff is going to
happen." But I've been doing it for 8 n
years at this point, and I can't think
of a single time where anything bad
actually happened. You can still look at
your phone if something actually happens
in your personal life, like your house
is on fire or something, and your
clients aren't going to churn. Your
client, your team's not going to do
anything. You're just going to have time
until 12:00 p.m. every day to work
mainly on customer acquisition. I like
to set a timer. I have a timer right
here. Set it in 60 minute cycles. Do
things like paid ads, content, outreach,
all that kind of stuff. Do repeat that
process four times. and really get a
jump on the day and get my highest
leverage work out before noon every
single day, 6 days per week. The next is
I want to have a work form and I want to
have a notification as part of it. So if
I open up my browser here, after every
hour that I work, I fill out this work
form.
And what that does is I have my date and
hour here. what I did, reaffirm my top
five goals, and then reaffirm my
standard of working. I do 10 hours of
work per day as part of this process.
And then what happens is I when I submit
the form, it sends an email to my
accountability group, which consists of
business partners, best friends, spouse,
parents, all of that kind of stuff. So
they can see proof that I'm working and
hold me accountable. I also think that
the number one hack here is to have your
accountability group or your best
friends or business partners do that and
send it back to you because it creates a
friendly competition. It creates a
constant reminders to keep working and
doing this when you have five emails per
hour in your inbox, you know, saying
that your business partners did this
form. And what you really want to do is
set the timer and just train yourself to
literally sit there and work and do
nothing until the timer goes off. And
then just keep doing that 10 times per
day, six days per week, and then take
Sunday off. It's kind of a skill and it
gets easier and easier the more reps you
put in and the more you do it where to
the point where you do this for a few
weeks and you find yourself the only
thing you're or time you're happy in
life is when you're filling out these
work forms. It's gamifying the concept
of work, public accountability, all of
that kind of stuff. It's a great way to
work more in terms of volume, but also
more effectively in terms of quality.
The next is a weekly plan. And on Sunday
night, I plan out my 10 hours of work
per day for the entire week. What I do
is I start with my habits. I'll open it
up on the screen here. And then I get
into my daily five, which are my five
most important tasks. Then I get to my
team's tasks. And I get to my chores.
So that is what I will do and I'll train
myself to just literally start at the
top. Go line by line and complete every
task every day. Do don't do anything but
what's on the thing predetermined your
most high leveraged tasks ahead of time.
When you don't have a plan, you're kind
of just going into the day blind. And
you want to do it in a weekly plan in my
opinion instead of just the next day
because then you are forced to look at
the greater picture. you have a big
to-do list and then you can select the
highest value tasks. The next is a
metrics tracking spreadsheet. So, you
need to have all of your metrics in one
big dashboard. Both your inputs and your
results and your client stuff and all of
the above. The reason you want to do
that is when you have your metrics
tracking set up, you can easily spot
bottlenecks and you can take action to
fix constraints. And if something's
really messed up, you have no choice but
to face it. I like to track my inputs,
too, like how much ad spend, how many
new creatives, how many new YouTube
videos, because when it says zero, for
example, you can no longer ignore it
like you can when you aren't tracking
your metrics properly. The most
important thing is you have a
spreadsheet like this or a dashboard or
whatever it's built in. It doesn't
matter. And you should be able to access
this stuff in one click. No guessing.
No. When I ask you your LTV, um, I think
it's around like, no, it's what is your
LTV? It's just a number. There's no
guessing. There's no it's around.
There's no I think. And when you do this
metrics tracking, like, I can't explain
it, but there's a magical force that
there's only one way to go, but up. It's
probably because then you can improve in
concrete fashion. You can no longer
ignore the fact that you're not doing
stuff if that's the case for you. But
everything good happens when you start
tracking your metrics religiously. The
final thing is energy levels. And many
of your decisions in terms like and
things of like diet should be looked at
through the lens of energy. Will eating
this give me more energy or will it give
me less energy? Will this workout give
me more energy or less? Will this x y
and z? We need our energy levels to be
as high as possible throughout the day
so we can work more and achieve more. We
need to do everything we can to maintain
perfect physical, mental, and spiritual
health because all of those, in my view,
contribute to energy. It's not enough
just to take your supplements and eat
right and exercise, although that's a
great start. We also want to have public
accountability. We also want to pray. We
also want to have big compelling goals.
And the habits is going to be the first
part of getting to $10 million per year.
The next part is to build the entire
funnel. So that is more of the setup and
this is an example of a great funnel. We
have our paid ads, our content, our
outreach and our partnership at the top
to drive traffic. We have our lead
magnets and our email flows and our
thank you pages and our newsletters and
our communities, VSSLs, appointment
setters and so on to capture, nurture
and qualify leads. We push them down
through our website where we have tons
of proof into a sales call where they
get a pre-all flow and then we have a
predetermined sales process and then we
have different offers to give to them
depending on where they are and what
level of revenue that they're at. So
when we build the funnel, you know,
things like our offers, things as our
cold email and LinkedIn setups, setting
up our social media profiles and
personal brand, our ad accounts, all of
our funnel pages, the optin, the sales
page, the application form, the thank
you page, that kind of stuff, our email
flows from our welcome flow to our
pre-all to our follow-ups. We need to
have a sales call plan on for the on the
call for our sales reps. We need to have
a presentation and a website and a
newsletter and a community and a VSSL
and all of the automations to have it
all run effectively. And that's phase
two when getting into the $10 million
per year range. This is the perfect
fundamentals-based marketing funnel. And
when you have it firing on all
cylinders, you'll be amazed at how many
leads you can get, how quickly you can
get them. A lot of people will have bits
and pieces of this, but it will not be
one cohesive system. And that is why
they get stuck usually around the 200 to
300k per month range and just can't seem
to get past it.
After you've set up, the next phase is
to create the systems you need to run
it. So the systems, you know, you need
your paid ad system, how to media buy,
how to make decisions, how to make
creatives, all of that kind of stuff.
How to make landing pages, how to AB
test our landing pages, how to research
ads, our content system, so how to come
up with ideas, how to make YouTube
assets, how to film, record, how to
repurpose that into Twitter, Instagram
and LinkedIn pro content, how to
repurpose that into short form video
content and newsletter content and so
on. We need our outreach systems where
you know how are we going to scrape
lists and build offers and write copy
and do inbox management to book
appointments and so on. Same with our
DMs. Same with our cold calling. Same
with our manual prospecting. How are we
going to form white label and referral
and media partnerships with people who
have the same target market and the same
customers that we have but don't sell a
competitive service? How are we going to
make sure our webinars get done or our
newsletters get done or our community is
managed or our appointment setting
works? Then when we have a sales system,
how will we pre-frame them for the call?
What exactly do they do on the call? How
do they do the follow-up? Then going
further, how do we collect social proof?
What is our process to get video
testimonials, trust pilot reviews,
screenshot client wins, and so on? When
we actually get a client, how do we
onboard them as smoothly and as
effectively as possible and get them
quick wins soon after so that their
first impression of our service is
amazing and their buyer's remorse is at
zero. How do we make sure we're tracking
all of our metrics and how do we plan
out tasks for our team? This all goes
into building systems and systems are
what's going to allow you to scale. Of
course, we need to set it up, but we
need to scale at the same time. And to
do that, we need systems that run
without us being the business owner. The
next phase is to hire a team. So things
like our admin assistant, our inbox
managers, our appointment setters, you
know, thumbnail designers, and all the
above. So I'm going to go through these
and say like what you they need to do
and when you should do it. I like to
hire admin assistants to do any tasks
that I don't want to do or any tasks
that just don't make economical sense
when you take into account how much
money I make per hour. I always hire my
first admin assistants when I can pay my
own bills. So, if I need 5K per month,
as soon as I make 8K per month, I'm
hiring an assistant, buying back my
time. So, the next one you need is going
to be inbox managers to manage cold
email and LinkedIn replies and get them
to book meetings.
You need to hire this person as soon as
you start doing cold outreach. You just
need to have this person unless you're
going to do it yourself. Then we're
going to hire some outbound setters to
manually reach out to prospects on
LinkedIn and other social media sites to
book meetings. We might have a hundred
outbound setters. Who knows? Depending
on our target market size,
we're going to do this as soon as we
figure out how to do this ourselves.
What kind of messaging works? Because we
can't rely on these outbound setters to
figure it out. We have to figure it out
as the founder and then we can replicate
it by scaling labor horizontally, so to
speak. The next is going to be a
thumbnail designer. We need to have
three variations of thumbnails for each
video so we can AB test them and get a
higher click-through rate. We're going
to do that as soon as we start making
YouTube videos consistently. The next is
inbound setters. We're going to manually
reach out to all inbound leads as fast
as possible, hopefully within five
minutes, because that will increase our
call booked and our show rate. We're
going to hire this person as soon as we
consistently get eight inbound leads per
day because at that point, it's worth it
to have a full-time person instead of
doing it yourself. The next is going to
be closer, obviously, to take sales
calls and close deals. No closer worth
their salt is going to work for us
full-time if we can't consistently book
them 25 calls per week. They're going to
work somewhere else because so much of
their salary or compensation is based on
commission. So, we need to have 25 calls
per week. We're going to get a
partnership manager whose full-time job
is to get white label partners, referral
partners, and media partnerships with
you with other brands and businesses
that serve the same target market but
are not competitive with you. We're
going to hire this person in my opinion
around 200k per month is when we have
enough social proof. We have a good
enough service. We have a big enough
company to make it worth it. Next person
we're going to hire is a content
repurposer. We're going to turn our
YouTube content into LinkedIn, Twitter,
Instagram short form and newsletters so
that we don't have to do it ourselves.
We're going to hire this person when we
start consistently making YouTube videos
three times per week. or also might hire
a content assistant to come up with
ideas based on high volume search
results, interests, what else is working
for other people. Again, when we start
making three times YouTube videos per
week, then down the line, we might have
a creative strategist to brainstorm copy
angles and make creatives for our ad
campaigns. Similar to the outbound
setter, we're going to do that when we
have already created a profitable ad
funnel ourselves. We can't rely on a
creative ad strategist to see the big
picture as an employee and figure it out
from scratch. We need to figure it out
from scratch ourselves first. Then we
might hire a media buyer to manage
everything. And we do this, you know,
media buying is not as valuable as we it
used to be. But we'll do this when we're
so far along that, you know, this
becomes important and not a good use of
our time anymore. We're going to hire a
funnel builder whose job is to build new
funnels for new offers, angles, types of
funnels. Maybe we have a call funnel
that's working. Now they have to build a
digital product or a lead magnet funnel
or a webinar funnel. And we do this when
we get our first profitable funnel and
we want to start AB testing. We also
have to hire a video editor for our
YouTube in short form. I don't like to
hire this person until I've made a 100
YouTube videos because I believe that
you need to develop the basic speaking
and asset creation skills that hold
attention in a so-called boring video.
It's kind of like to start a fire, you
need to build start it with wood, with
fuel and get it going. An editor is like
pouring gasoline on it. You don't want
to start the fire with gasoline. You
want to make the fire bigger with
gasoline.
Then we might have a client success
manager when to ensure all our clients
are happy, responded to quickly, and to
reduce churn. I like to get this when
I've got two criteria. At least 12
clients and at least 25 calls booked per
week. And that's kind of the team that
you need. Then it's all about once we
have the setup, we have the systems, we
have the team, it's all about the more
better new formula. First we do more
until it doesn't work anymore. Then we
do better until that doesn't work
anymore. Then we do something new. So
for paid ads, how do we do more? More
creatives, more different types of
adfunnels, more ad spend. For YouTube,
more YouTube videos per week, longer
length to get our watch time up because
that's the most important metric when
terms of getting clients. For written
content on Twitter, on Instagram, and on
LinkedIn, just more posts per day.
Newsletter, more newsletters per week.
Cold email, you know, instead of 5,000,
send 50,000 per day. More inboxes, more
emails sent. cold LinkedIn, you know,
rent more LinkedIn accounts and hey
reach seats and scale horizontally
because you can only send so many per
day. Prospecting, more time spent
prospecting, more outbound setters. Same
with white label and referral
partnerships, more time prospecting and
more partnership managers. And then more
media partnerships, go on more podcasts,
write guest posts from more newsletters,
more blogs, get interviewed on more
YouTube channels, speak at more events,
and so on. this five-part system of
fixing the habits first and becoming a
better person, an entrepreneur, building
the funnel, creating the systems, hiring
the team, and then going more, better,
new until you get to 10 million is all
you really need to go from 1 million to
10 million in any business that deals
with leads. So, I hope this video was
valuable and I'll see you in the next